.\" Manpage for gitshell.
.\" Contact horne@ncf.ca to correct errors or typos.
.TH GITSH-DELETE 1 "21 February 2014" "0.1" "GitSHell Manual"
.SH NAME
gitsh-delete \- delete file, subdirectory, or repository
.SH SYNOPSIS
[gitsh] delete <file>|<subdirectory>|<repository>
.SH DESCRIPTION
.nh
.ad l
\fIgitsh\fR \fIdelete\fR is a GitSHell command which deletes the file, subdirectory,
or repository.
.PP
<file> and <subdirectory> only affects the file system whereas <repository>
potentially affects either the local file system or the remote repository,
but can affect both with a single invocation.
.PP
<file> is contained within the current subdirectory, by default, or within
<subdirectory>.
.PP
<subdirectory> is always relative to the repository root. If <subdirectory>
begins with a slash (/), then it must either be relative to the repository
root or must match the absolute path from repository root to the specific
subdirectory within the current repository.
.PP
To delete a repository this command must be called from the repository base,
otherwise an error message is displayed.
.fi
.PP
.B NOTE: Presently deletion of a remote repository is not implemented.
.PP
If the file or subdirectory is not found or is not within the current repository,
then an error message is displayed.
.SH OPTIONS
None
.SH EXAMPLES
.nf
gitsh:[sample]> ls i18n
en.po  fr.po
gitsh:[sample]> delete i18n/fr.po
gitsh:[sample]> ls i18n
en.po
gitsh:[sample]> close
gitsh:[]> names
gitshell sample
gitsh:[]> delete sample
gitsh:[]> names
gitshell
gitsh:[]>
.fi
.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
.SH AUTHOR
Gregory D. Horne (horne at ncf dot ca)
.SH GITSH
An internal gitsh(1) command; not callable from a standard Unix shell.

