.\" Manpage for gitshell.
.\" Contact horne@ncf.ca to correct errors or typos.

.TH gitsh 1 "21 February 2014" "0.1" "GitSHell Manual"

.SH NAME 
gitsh \- git command shell

.SH SYNOPSIS
gitsh [\-\-version] [\-\-lang=<utf-8-language>]

.SH DESCRIPTION
gitsh is a command shell which simplifies management of git local and remote repositories.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-\-version
Print the GitSHell version.
.TP
 \-\-lang=<utf-8-language>
Set the local language. Presently the only localised language supported is en_US.UTF-8.
By default gitsh uses en_US.UTF-8.

.SH GITSH COMMANDS
The commands are divided into those internal to GitSHell and a subset of Git commands currently 
supported by GitSHell intended for novice Git users.

.SS INTERNAL
The following commands are only available within the GitSHell environment. When using these 
commands drop the 'gitsh' portion.
.PP
\fBgitsh-cd\fR(1)
.RS 4
Change subdirectory in the repository.
.RE
.PP
\fBgitsh-clear\fR(1)
.RS 4
Clear the terminal.
.RE
.PP
\fBgitsh-clone\fR(1)
.RS 4
Clone a repository into a new subdirectory.
.RE
.PP
\fBgitsh-close\fR(1)
.RS 4
Leave the repository.
.RE
.PP
\fBgitsh-configure\fR(1)
.RS 4
Configure names(s) and email(s) of the user(s).
.RE
.PP
\fBgitsh-create\fR(1)
.RS 4
Create a local repository, and optionally a corresponding remote repository.
.RE
.PP
\fBgitsh-delete\fR(1)
.RS 4
Delete file/subdirectory/repository.
.RE
.PP
\fBgitsh-edit\fR(1)
.RS 4
Edit file within the repository.
.RE
.PP
\fBgitsh-exit\fR(1)
.RS 4
Exit the command shell.
.RE
.PP
\fBgitsh-fork\fR(1)
.RS 4
Fork an existing repository.
.RE
.PP
\fBgitsh-license\fR(1)
.RS 4
View license associated with this programme.
.RE
.PP
\fBgitsh-ls\fR(1)
.RS 4
List files within the repository.
.RE
.PP
\fBgitsh-mkdir\fR(1)
.RS 4
Create subdirectory within the repository.
.RE
.PP
\fBgitsh-open\fR(1)
.RS 4
Access named repository.
.RE
.PP
\fBgitsh-pwd\fR(1)
.RS 4
Display name of current/working subdirectory.
.RE
.PP
\fBgitsh-repo\fR(1)
.RS 4
Show information about the repository.
.RE
.PP
\fBgitsh-root\fR(1)
.RS 4
Display repository root name, otherwise resets the repository.
.RE
.PP
\fBgitsh-stage\fR(1)
.RS 4
Create, delete, and list branches within the repository.
.RE
.PP
\fBgitsh-sync\fR(1)
.RS 4
Synchronise branches within the local reppository and with its associated remote repository.
.RE
.PP
\fBgitsh-view\fR(1)
.RS 4
View named file within the repository.
.RE
.
.SH BUGS
No known bugs.

.SH AUTHOR
Gregory D. Horne (horne at ncf dot ca)
